that's my brother no I was hey we're
alive again and it looks like we're
actually we're actually in the right
orientation this time it's probably a
separate video so go back to the go back
to B go back to the man every caps home
page theoretically you should find it
here I'm gonna put it on my little
cool hey everyone I hope everyone can
make it back over here it's too bad we
had about a couple of you waiting
hopefully you can find your way back to
the right video let's see are you still
on the old one actually go back to the
old one and tell Jack to go to the new
one
although the old ones stop streaming
we'll see we'll test it out but in any
case for eunuch austerity come check me
later this is the man of recaps live
pre-show show I'm joined once again by
mr. Vinson hey right and this week by
Johanna it's been an exciting first two
weeks of Game of Thrones first two
episodes have been pretty good this what
do you think of the last episode
actually episode 2 - the overall story
arc indeed indeed it was the joke is of
this never never saw last week's episode
it's okay we'll forgive him there's a
busy weekend to be fair I only watched
Game of Thrones with you and you're busy
with your mom but Joanna how big the
game of Thrones fan are you I'm obsessed
I've seen the second episode of the
season already four times so yeah just
every day this week
mica it just made me feel so happy
watching all the happier things that I
know we're not gonna get great to see
all these characters you know talk it's
nice because we've got such a big final
season here so much of it is going to be
you know action and and big events going
on starting tonight with the Battle of
Winterfell who's ready for that
so yeah last last week's episode it was
a lot of fun just did get people to
actually hang out the characters we've
grown to know and love over these eight
ish years yeah it's been exciting
today some will die no doubt about that
what we were gonna do today was top top
lists today this episode is supposed to
be a big battle scene so we're gonna
talk about top battles in Game of
Thrones
they've been some good ones some
characters will die so we'll talk about
top deaths in Game of Thrones although
you know it just occurred to me not a
lot of deaths in battle what about that
what do you guys think about that
chat any characters any major characters
have they died in a battle I feel like
the big ones are you know the red
wedding yeah Ned Stark things like that
now executions yeah yeah we'll see you
remember any service op coming right
here they did bring him up and like put
him down as the chopping block yeah
that's uh Sean Bean yeah that's true our
friend mr. bean Sorry Sorry shopping
calls you that let's jump right into it
plus weight plus we've got a special
guest coming later in the episode I'm
not going to give it away but he's
actually on the show I managed to get
someone from Game of Thrones to come
down to my apartment today so it's
pretty big times pretty big times for
man to recap seriously so yeah without
further ado let's jump right into it
please also talk in chat say everything
you want to say say hey we've got a
beautiful girlfriend off screen reading
the chat and she'll tell us you know
what you guys say you know any cool
questions any cool comments and oh I'm
sorry I was reading well everyone says
hello and there
some good questions coming in but
somebody did mention that the last
episode was the first episode since
season 3 in which there were no deaths
so that's what a lot of us it seems so
good because nobody - happened oh no
three yeah so the season three episode 7
there's at least been a death every
single episode
I believe that I think a lot of times
it's a small character maybe oh yeah of
course Justin yeah but I wonder what the
episode is with no deaths in season 3
I'll have to go back and find out or do
you know tell us there's also one thing
else here an exciting amount of Game of
Thrones predictions now I said that I
think maybe last time that I wasn't
going to talk about my predictions for
the end of the series because I think
that I'm right and so spoiler you know
if I if I shout it out right now so I
did write them down in a sealed envelope
Game of Thrones predictions right here I
will show you that there is a paper
inside let's not say notably Konami
but did write some some things down here
so but I do have I do have my prediction
for who will be on the throne at the end
and a couple of major characters where I
think they'll be and then just and alive
or dead list in general so we will seal
this right now in fact on camera will
prove that we will prove that I didn't
tamper with it later that I've licked an
envelope in a hundred years so that will
be exciting after the last episode come
back here we'll do a live opening a
final post show I guess and it will be
super cool so top three battles since
tonight is a big battle episode what do
you remember as a great battle your
favorite battle so far my favorite one
was probably with Jon Snow
but when he is like up and like he first
sees the night game when they let go to
save it's actually really hard on camera
to think yeah and talk at the same time
but yeah I think that one was probably
one of my favorite because I think that
was like the first realization that he
realized like what force he was going to
be dealing with like he kind of only saw
the whites and he was just like well
this [ __ ] sucks yeah I think like
when he saw them and he saw how quickly
he resurrected all the dead it was just
kind of like we have yes that's a good
call a hard home battle of hardhome yeah
that was fantastic because it was the
first time we really got to see that the
White Walkers and the knight King in
action yeah and you realize how big it
the reddit is you know they've been
talking about it for a while and it's
kind of like oh yeah sure yeah it's
Ami's and the White Walkers they're
clearly a threat yeah but like how is
that you know how they gonna get over
the wall what are they gonna do you know
they're just Dom bees yeah but yeah
we've got to see firsthand there that
they are they're pretty intense
yeah scaling over the little like wood
wall and it's like running through it
until they can like break through it's
like they have no other ambition aside
from like killing everybody it's like
that's our end goal always sounds like
okay and they're not dumb walking dead
like slow like they're zombies yeah they
can move fast they can they can use
weapons we're gonna see zombies tonight
like holding swords and shields and
spears I imagine so that's good
Vince do you remember any any cool
battles do you have a favorite one
I don't these kind of battles but I
definitely appreciate a trial by combat
I think it's a definitely an interesting
about doing things and shout-out to
Tyrion for always like we easily just
way out of it was my favorite characters
for sure he's favorite it is amazing if
you went through this whole series on a
rewatch and you were like how many times
did Tyrion almost die it would be quite
a bit constantly in danger a lot but the
other big battle is one of my favorites
was one of the first ones the Battle of
the Blackwater where Stannis sieges
King's Landing this is a really really
good one I love a good siege is the
thing it's one of my favorites and I
love Stannis back in the day he's a fun
character and of course it was
interesting too because at the time he
was kind of a good guy you know maybe
going to defeat the Lannisters but at
the same time you had your good
characters on the inside Tyrion was the
one who's defending it of course you
know we loved him it was a good one
though a lot of fun fun you know some
fun fighting some good times
I love Tyrians big speech you know what
he really rallied all the troops of
King's Landing rallied the defenses they
cheered for him half man showed that he
really you know can be a good leader the
time comes he knows just what to say
yeah all the time
that's actually one of my favorite parts
do you guys remember Stannis is
pre-battle speech to his men I think he
said was school what do you say he's
like let's he's just like let's go kill
them like it's like a lot of us are
gonna die let's go oh I'm embarrassed I
don't know this cool by heart but it was
it was basically a one-sentence the pre
battle speech and I always loved that
about him I thought that was a cool
moment so that's a good ones and we
didn't mention obviously babble of the
bastards some of you guys in chat yeah I
see those coming in yeah that one was
incredible that was a big one last
season obviously Jon Snow fighting
against Ramsay snow to take back
Winterfell just like the whole two
armies like colliding right in the mid
was incredibly impressive yeah I was as
well film does it make any major movie
you know yeah reminded people of Saving
Private Ryan and stuff the way he was in
the middle of the chaos and you get nice
a nice long stay a long take where you
have a chance to really see what's going
on you know as people and horses are
running everywhere arrows fallen like
crazy
yeah I was it's amazing yeah
real testament to Game of Thrones is
production value we have a couple people
saying that the Blackwater is you know
people love that one to their favorite
and someone says take this city did
Stannis they take this state city yeah
yeah let's take this city so I mean I'm
not about to run through a wall but no
not bad indeed you undersold it i love i
love the sea just like that because you
realize how much effort it is you're
like oh wait a minute we got to get on
the boats and we got a row to shore then
we got to run through the arrows to get
to the walls the ladders yeah that's a
lot of work I can't believe anyone ever
actually did it in history did it Castle
sieges happen it seems like way too much
effort yes they absolutely did happen
history professor over here Hannah dude
and she burned the boats in history or
is that just like a metaphor yeah
they've actually burned boats before
when they knew they were losing
absolutely that's great also so people
couldn't retreat mm-hmm oh no I meant
like the people who are attacking they
burn the boats so they are not allowed
to retreat at all they have to win or
they die yes yes okay oh absolutely yeah
that's a crazy move it is a metaphor I
had a well it is nowadays a metaphor
yeah that's true it wasn't as many burn
boats anymore no it's a metaphor
yeah there's no going back
I have to commit only forward that was a
great battle that never happened
the First Battle of Winterfell oh and
Stannis tried to attack it with the
remnants of his forces that almost
everyone
abandoned him at that point and yeah
that's I love the other line it is only
forward you know we can't March back
it's like this is it when you're clearly
yet you're clearly not going but yeah
someone just mentioned that the director
of the black are the bastards will
direct tonight's episode yeah is it it's
Michael Sata check maybe that's a name I
know I know I recognize some of the
directors I don't normally pay attention
but I watched enough game with her host
I know Mr Bryan cogman has done some of
them I think he did last weeks and and I
think sap a check Mikey Mikey SAPO as I
call him is the big battle guy so yeah
this promises to be one of the biggest
battles filmed of all time I'm pretty
excited let's actually talk a little
strategy about how this battle is going
down you're pretty pretty excited about
that
yeah where is where is John supposed to
be do you know I don't know where he's
supposed to be but I hope somewhere safe
I hope somewhere far away from the
battle but I know he's not going to
because I thought his it is character
he'll be in the thick of things yeah I
wonder how much time he'll be riding a
dragon and how much time I'll be on the
ground a little bit of both yeah is he
good with dragging stuff yeah they did
that one in Episode one know pretty soon
I mean that's true I don't know yeah he
did hold on successfully he's gotten the
hang of battling from a dragon yet yeah
it's also rough cuz you can't do much
except just be like dragging him burn
them
you can't like reach yeah yeah she's no
good with a sword she's good with a
dragon it's actually an interesting
thing I was thinking about is the
Dragons you know first two pictures the
final battle over the eight years ago
when I was just reading the books and
you know I had seen season 1 I was like
ok eventually we're gonna have dragons
fighting the army of the Dead and how
are they going to lose though and I'm
just gonna blow through all these
zombies no
but we got to see at the awesome zombie
battle put that on the top vilest
awesome zombie battle beyond the wall
last season where they were capturing
the white that yeah the dragons are
actually very gullible flying around
down there the night king he's real good
with that javelin so if they've got a
bunch of White Walkers maybe that are as
good as him or if he's just there with
the javelin uh yeah the dragons you
don't want to just you don't want to
send them out they might get taken down
early and then you're really at a
disadvantage I would be so sad if
another dragon dies puppies would that
be the saddest at like character you
don't want to die like dragon a dragon
be and then like John Sarah Danny yeah
three days John snows wolf yeah we
thought that he was just abandoned you
know to the CGI budget but he was he
still so the most tragic deaths
exclusively will be animals what would
be the most tragic deaths today I would
be very very sad if Brienne yeah or both
either of those would be really sad to
see go and you know I think they're both
in the danger zone I would say the safe
zone are sort of the main characters
John and Danny I think I think they'll
make it there's still three episodes
left after this one you know they have
to they have to go forward but yeah any
of these mid mid tier characters any of
them could go in a heroic sacrifice
tonight okay what made me so sad you
just got knighted that was a big thing
that happened last week she was
officially sir
brand a knight to the seventeen that's
such a big smile and a nice clap for and
a great story about his giants middle
it's just the best some people saying
like sir Davos Podrick Oh Sam Oh
Podrick know Davos anywhere I need a bus
to survive and go home to his
theoretical life and kids like that does
he still happen somewhere you mentioned
them early on but he's been away for a
while and Podrick is just coming into
his own after a song like that he might
yeah I don't know this battle might go
one of two ways it might be just like
one or two deaths yeah or it might be
like they're like look actually right
now this is that this is a huge deal
yeah so I'm excited to see which way it
goes I have actually no idea that be
honest I have my final life and death
list but I don't know how much of that
is happening tonight someone asked do
you think that take on Charlie deserve
to die and I go that's a silly questions
a good question throw back good all
talking about yeah Nicola entirely you
remember he was Sam's brother and you
remember it was last season Danny burned
him and his father for you know not
bending the knee not surrendering and
you know even though they were on the
wrong side Circe's clearly the bad guy
but it was a noble thing of them to do
is not to surrender but also I
absolutely would have agreed with Tyrion
and not burned dick on you know you
execute the father say pick on let's put
you in jail for a bit you know we could
think about this later you might be you
know you seem like generally a good guy
I guess she didn't know that at the time
yeah exactly
you always it's nice to have don't know
it's nice to give people a chance yeah
like a second to like answer it's like
take a decision it's if you were
conquering a country and you said
surrender or die people refused to
surrender would you what would you do
that's a deep question for a stream you
still have to just kill them right yeah
I mean yeah
you have to that's what Danny ended up
doing okay she was like if I don't then
all of a sudden what did she say -
Tyrion she said if if he's allowed a
third choice of imprisonment then
everyone's gonna want that choice I
didn't think of that third option
Chrisman exactly if you make it an
option that's sort of sort of an easy
choice for them yeah you get to plain
both sides
hmm don't have to commit it no I think
that's fair I mean like has Danny down
the hill turn ish is that a bad question
no what do you mean in terms of becoming
say a more ruthless ruler exactly yeah
there's been a lot of talk I've seen
around forums and stuff about Danny
becoming the new mad queen following in
her father's footsteps and I think
that's a bunch of rubbish as they saying
in England
cuz yeah I mean she's made hard choices
like this like executing dick on yeah
but you know she hasn't seem to take any
joy in it it's just really it's a tough
dilemma when you're trying to conquer a
nation you know you have to be a bit
ruthless no doubt everything seems like
she still wants to be a really good
ruler and is a good person
um her you know she's been annoying
these last two episodes kind of actually
bucks head with Sansa John tells her
about his parentage and her first
thought is like wait so you're above me
in the line of succession instead of
wait you're my nephew I've been banging
my nephew so yeah it's a tough thing for
and I mean maybe she will head down that
path still we have a couple episodes
left but no I think she stole a real
good person she stole a good guy in my
boat okay okay just checking
I would burn dick on Charlie actually I
support her yeah you got to be yeah so
we've been talking a lot about the kids
right - like Daenerys and John and Sansa
these are all the kids that have
survived their parents but one person we
haven't mentioned yet is bran and so I
wanted to kind of ask about that so at
the beach or David Koepp you know was
asking
about him and I think it's a good point
because I can't stop talking about it
because my thinking is but you know he's
kind of the odd child out right who has
this kind of journey that he says he has
to be a part of so what are you guys
think about that and where he's ended up
I mean he's not like a person or he
doesn't consider himself a person
anymore right so I don't know i think
it's it's interesting to see his
character develop into this non person
now and just kind of exist and just say
these little quick like snippets of
somebody's past it's like you said that
before it's like that but yeah I don't
know it's just it is fun if you can't
hold a normal conversation just people
yeah people ask them a question and you
respond to make a cryptic cool answer
imagine the follow-up like okay so what
do you was like we have plenty of time
tell me your story because it's like I'd
have anybody like the only person that
could understand him I feel like would
be Tyrion cuz it's like he has the
patience to sit down and kind of like
listen to every little thing that he
could possibly tell him and like break
it down in his own mind to like relay
that message to other people it's like
I'm not talking to brand it's like no I
did I did it for you and like this is
what this is what he's doing it's like
okay well like I like that just like now
we're gonna talk about it okay what's
going on yeah actually tell me you're
going back to right here I don't think
he's gotten into too much detail with
his is up there siblings you know sense
I didn't ask many follow-up questions
right there's like I learned from the
wizard in the tree okay sure and their
defense was like too much going on right
now yes take care of your like slightly
strange brother saying hopefully this
tracks itself and you know after puberty
and such
exactly yeah I wonder what brands um you
know future holds I don't I don't really
see him you said you don't see him
having a happy ending out there
yeah because what's he gonna do like go
back to normal you know or just like be
the weird uncle in the Winterfell Tower
yeah that could be back to the tree if
they win he's like a walking history
book right like it's like he just has to
be by himself like absorbing all of
history that's going on that has
happened that might happen it's like you
can't talk to people what do you like it
I know what you've been doing is like oh
yeah yes we talk big battles well I
think I think the guests might be
arriving is pretty soon actually special
guests is that that's them right that's
them right now that's exciting
I'm gonna go I'm gonna get the door for
him uh and then Oh see they've got a lot
of input I think about tonight's episode
so hopefully we learn some cool things
here yeah can't wait so Jenna who was
the worst step for you mr. king can you
hear me at all
yeah I don't have much of a voice
normally I'm feeling talkative tonight
uh yeah hey I'm the night's king mini
recap see over you had to go to the
bathroom
so you said you guys could interview me
just as well yeah what's up I'm coming
in tonight's episode big battle you know
what I'm talking about me versus Johnny
and Danny yeah that's my prediction
I mean you you have the numbers for sure
oh yeah can I ask you a question what do
you do to prepare for like
hmm excellent question thank you a
future zombie warrior
you know the key thing when you're going
into a big game or a big battle you know
you got it you gotta have the
preparation we've got the playbook going
down we do practice seven days a week
basically 24/7 is basically practice
we've got a good team that's what it's
about building a new team you've got the
best zombie forwards we got Wildings you
got a 90 Watchmen we got everyone from
hardhome they're all cool we got a bunch
of horses got a couple Giants those the
big big sluggers big hitters coming in
pinch hitters Germany elephants yeah we
actually do don't tell Cersei this Lucy
but I found an elephant just a pisser I
don't care let me find one so I went all
the way across to the Narrow Sea II over
there went to Pentos I was like yo
pentose give me I got an elephant yeah
only the one and you treat them a giant
for it pregame meal like what are you oh
man yeah well do we eat mostly just snow
actually just ice and snow snow cones
yeah we actually got that Jeff you
haven't seen him yet really on the field
mode she's always sort of the background
next to me he's gonna hand me the spear
he's our white Walker chef yeah snow
cones mmm
snow snow popsicles ice popsicles snow
pancakes just takes up snow and you you
know yeah a little little ice syrup it's
amazing nice yeah yeah the other thing
that's important to stay loose stay
loose before a big battle
we take ice baths drink some ice cold
brewskies nice we like brewskis up there
Cheers
yeah rookies now you know don't want to
drink before no of course not that's why
you can't drink
okay drink yeah well I think the
nineteen I think you have to get out of
here now you gotta go prepare for your
big battle tonight
it's trip I'll be there you got 44
Network you guys gonna see me I'm gonna
be up there I'm gonna be sword in hand
oh don't forget I'm driving that dragon
that's the big surprise it's gonna be
gonna be good
well I hope you don't oh man it was it
was nicer than I expected
yeah yeah have a lot of good tips a
little more relatable yeah hey what'd I
miss
did I come didn't I can come yeah oh man
I can't believe I missed him he was real
quick in and out of there yeah he's a
big battle or something I don't know
yeah he does he's got to start walking
it's taken him eight seasons to like get
from the north to winter oh so good
nothing they should have a spin-off show
about like what took him so long you
know there are definitely a lot of like
screen cyclists right yeah imagine
hunting for snow pancakes you told me
about that on the way out he was like
you already had some pancakes huh yeah
so that was exciting maybe need drinks
Johnny white Walker that's his only
drink Johnny white Walker yeah uh
sponsored by potentially not actually
we're not actually sponsored by Johnny
white Walker I don't know what the legal
yes or not I need a lawyer if you're a
lawyer I need you to an agent and work
this all out so yeah that was pretty
exciting what do you guys think is it is
this a half-hour episode should we go as
we go 25 more minutes
take you guys ready finale no we're
gonna call it now we've got some we got
some preparation to do too over here I'm
excited to the episode any final words
your final predictions total uh John
still alive count Johnson Oh alive a lot
of tears coming out of these guys
pretty soon she'll be a lot of action
I'm excited for the pivot from the first
two episodes as true let's get going
this is this is this is the big one here
this is one it's a hundred and twenty
minutes
so yeah I'm ready guys thank you so much
for joining us tonight a little live
pre-show here with the man of recaps
Game of Thrones season 8 episode 3
coming right now Battle of Winterfell
catch you later
I need to figure out catch a different
sign-off phrase my welcome phrase I say
welcome to the man